OSDOCS-12691 [ROSA] New Feature: Log Forwarder (#104758)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder_{context}"]
= Configuring the log forwarder 
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder

toc::[]

> With {rosa-short} you can forward your control plane logs to your preferred logging tool, such as, `CloudWatch` or `S3`. When you link a log forwarder object to your {rosa-short} cluster, that log forwarder configures the log forwarding for the control plane for that cluster. You can make this log forwarder a compliance requirement for storing audit logs. 

Reviewer: The `[role="_abstract"]` will be required for DITA migration, so probably a good idea to add it now. Also, I'd use `{product-title}` to refer to ROSA HCP. It will always resolve to the correct product name. `{rosa-short}` resolves to "ROSA with HCP", which is technically an incorrect product name. I think this attribute is a vestige of former times, and should probably just be removed from the attributes file.

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
With {product-title} you can forward your control plane logs to your preferred logging tool, such as, `CloudWatch` or `S3`. When you link a log forwarder object to your {product-title} cluster, that log forwarder configures the log forwarding for the control plane for that cluster. You can make this log forwarder a compliance requirement for storing audit logs. 
```
